[FEATURE #92] Success handlers for REST steps (#102)
EmbedITCZ/jbehave-support: jbehave-support-core/docs/Rest-api.md

| [1].lastName  | last name 2  |
```

> Each response can be assessed in RestServiceHandler method: isSuccessful(HttpStatus, HttpHeaders, Object).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each response can be assessed in `RestServiceHandler` method: `isSuccessful(HttpStatus, HttpHeaders, Object)`.
```

| [1].lastName  | Cerutti       |
```

> Each of steps above can be used as successful variants, where you define default success status and result (data).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each of steps above can be used as a successful variant, where you define default success status and result (data).
```
```suggestion
Each of steps above can be used as one of successful variants, where you define default success status and result (data).
```
